[blow]
[EMI] Sorry to bug ya.
Can I come in?
Hi, Miss Suzumi!
What a pleasant surprise.
Were you over
at the Devil's Castle?
[EMI] Yeah. Hey, can I leave her
with you for a sec?
[SUZUNO]
Is something the matter?
Oh, no, it's nothing.
-[question & startled]
[EMI]
Denied!
It's just one measly night,
why won't
you let her sleep over?
'Cause I have a working brain
between my ears!
To think you
call yourself her mother!
Ignoring the child's wish
to be with her father
is cruel and barbaric.
Hero you say?
Nay! You are the villain
of your "daughter's" tale!
Where do you get off
calling anybody barbaric?
You don't even have futons!
You gonna kiss the baby
night-night
and tuck her
into the floorboards?
[annoyed]
If you want me to consider
letting her sleep over here,
buy her a futon.
[collapse]
You nimrods miraculously
have plenty of space.
To my chagrin,
that closet's been sacrificed
as Urushihara storage.
[URUSHIHARA]
Way to objectify the hot one.
Keep him on the top shelf.
If you organize
the bottom a little,
you can fit a futon down there.
Why is everybody treating me
like I'm some lame gift
you hate,
but feel too guilty
to get rid of?
[sigh]
We buy for life around here.
Every purchase we've made
has been super practical.
When we leave for Ente Isla,
we'll take our stuff with us.
Even the appliances.
I figure we can make the fridge
and microwave magic-powered.
I get it, that's my plan, too.
But wouldn't futons be
a good addition?
Nah. They wouldn't do us
much good back home.
Think about it.
Demons are huge.
What would we do
with a human-sized futon?
[pensive]
-[laugh]
-[ASHIYA] Silence!
It's just not worth it for us,
and to keep things real,
we don't have the money anyway.
[EMI] You guys have been living
in Japan for a year now.
What'd you do in the winter?
[MAOU] Put on all our clothes
and slept under the kotatsu.
[question]
I might not need
to take you down.
Sounds like
there's a decent chance
-that you'll do it yourself.
-[uneasy]
Before I say this, just know
your backs don't matter to me.
But the kiddo needs
a comfortable place to sleep.
So, here's my offer.
I'll pay for half the futon,
but I get to help pick it out.
Really?
[EMI]
Ugh. Why'd I make a big deal
about helping pick it out?
[RIKA]
Is something wrong?
Eh, not anything too terrible.
But do you happen to know
where they sell kid's futons?
[question]
Why are you in the market?
[EMI] Oh. Well, uh,
remember that relative of Maou's
I was telling you about?
That poor baby girl
who was convinced
that you were her mama?
Yeah, her.
She's been coming over
to visit me a lot lately.
And sometimes
she spends the night.
[RIKA]
Hold the phone.
Is Maou guilt-tripping you
into babysitting a kid
that's supposed to be
his responsibility?
[EMI]
No. That's not really it.
Then what is it?
Because if he's pulling anything
funny over on my girl,
I'll tear him a new one.
Let me hook you up with a lawyer
through my parents' business.
Take a breath, Rika.
I swear that Maou's not
an evil child neglector.
She, well, she misses her mom.
And regardless
of how I feel about Maou,
I'm having a really great time
hanging out
with this sweet girl.
I'm only letting her stay
with me
when she needs
some feminine energy,
you know what I mean?
Yeah, sure.
Still sounds
pretty weird to me, though.
Yeah, well,
I spent a couple of minutes
looking for futons online.
But since it's for a little one,
I wanted to feel
how soft they are for myself.
Oh! Yeah,
I think I know just the place.
[MAOU] I appreciate her
paying for half.
But where do you
even find a futon that small?
[CHIHO]
You look so deep in thought.
-Something wrong?
-Nah.
[MAOU]
I don't wanna ask Chi,
but nobody at home
will have a damn clue.
[KAWA-CCHI]
Yo! Hey, Maa! Hey, Chi!
I brought you back
some souvenirs
from my big vacay!
How nice. You shouldn't have.
-And here's yours.
-Aw, thank you very much!
[MAOU]
Croco-do-what?
It's all the rage
where we were staying!
Were you guys in the Amazon?
Do they even have
crocs down there?
[chuckle]
I don't know, do they?
[notice]
[ASHIYA]
Seiseki Sakuragaoka, is it?
Yeah.
She says that it's massive.
Lots of stores
means lots of futons.
Should be easy.
We're gonna go knock it out
the day after tomorrow.
Good idea. Looks like tons
of big shopping centers
are connected
to the train station.
That comes as a relief.
Last night's disasters
have been resolved.
I'm sorry
you got dragged into it.
[notice] What's that?
[MAOU] This?
It's a present from my coworker.
Apparently
there's crocodile meat in it?
-Crocodile? Curious.
-[surprised]
I wonder how it will taste.
Hey, if you really wanna
know so badly, it's yours.
-You're certain?
-Yeah.
It's only one serving,
so it's not enough
to split three ways.
Just give us your review
once you've tried it.
My lord! But our food reserves
are precious!
[MAOU]
It's no biggie.
Besides, we're gonna owe her
after we get this futon.
[question]
You remember how this works.
Now that Alas Ramus
is fused with the sword,
she has to stay within
a pretty tight radius of Emi.
Oh, that's right.
It's approximately the distance
between two train stations,
-correct?
-[MAOU] Yep.
Which means if little buddy
stays here with us,
Emi can't go back
to her place in Eifukucho.
Will Alciel and Lucifer
sleep in my room?
Like they did
when Emilia stayed here
during our little tiff
with Gabriel?
Huh?
Am I not allowed
to stay in my closet?
You just volunteered
to store yourself.
I don't know how,
but we're bound
to inconvenience you
at some point.
So, yeah, take the curry.
I'm sure it'll be a nice break
from the usual udon.
[observe]
Truth is, it'll pair well.
[gulp]
At long last.
Let the feast commence.
[amazed]
It's a big day.
You gonna be a good girl?
Yeah!
-[giggle]
-Taking notes, bucko?
I'm supposed
to grab stuff for Ashiya
if I find it cheap.
So, one bag
of onions, shirodashi, natto,
and a refill
for the hand soap dispensers.
Is a minor discount really worth
carting all this stuff back
on the train?
Probably not.
Dada! MgRonald's!
Yeah, thar she blows.
She won't stop begging me
to eat there lately.
I told her
we should probably wait
until she's a bit older.
Well, that's funny.
Guess it smells like you.
Cute, huh?
[notice]
[crying]
Hey, don't cry,
you're A-okay, baby face.
[worry]
Sorry to disturb you, everybody!
[slide over]
[gasp] Dramatic much?
[MAOU]
She goes toe-to-toe
with an archangel
without a tear,
but a boo-boo on her forehead,
and she's all "boo-hoo"?
That's our princess.
Parenting really
is full of surprises, huh?
We should consider
ourselves lucky
that she can't run off on us.
[realizing gasp]
-[step away]
-[question]
Something wrong?
[tense]
I'm not loving
how much we're acting
like a married couple right now!
Well.
This storage space
will have to suffice for them.
Dude, are we really gonna sleep
at Bel's when baby's here?
[ASHIYA]
It's not my cup of tea either.
But if Alas Ramus wishes it,
then we must.
[URUSHIHARA]
Bark, bark, doggie.
Nah.
You can't take my closet away.
A dust bunny like you
doesn't get a vote.
We're in Emilia's hands now.
This shouldn't be about Emi.
The whole thing is gonna be
a major burden to Bel.
I actually don't think
she'll mind.
That said,
we should make
our arrangements ahead of time.
I'll go confirm
that we're squared away.
Nothing?
[FEMALE EMPLOYEE 16A]
Aw, she's adorable!
Looks like
she has her mother's eyes!
But don't you worry, daddy,
she got your smile!
[shock]
[awkward smile]
Can you just be normal
for once?
-[realize]
-Is there anything
that I can help your beautiful
family find today?
Uh, yes please.
We're looking for a futon
about her size.
Oh, I see.
Is someone upgrading
from a bassinet
to her very own big girl bed?
[MAOU] She actually co-sleeps
with mom right now.
Hey! She's not gonna cut
the cute family a deal
-if you're acting like a freak!
-[frozen]
[confused]
Well, do either
of these two catch your eye?
Are they supposed to have heads?
Yes! They're stuffed animals
your child can cuddle
as they drift off into sleep.
As the seasons change,
you can adjust the filling
in the comforter
to make it warmer!
All this,
plus a pillow and a blanket
for twenty-nine thousand,
eight-hundred yen.
[MAOU]
Yeowch!
This one goes for a little more.
Two comforters,
and it just costs
forty-five thousand,
eight-hundred yen.
[MAOU]
Double Yeowch!
[sigh]
No amount of knocking
brought her out.
Maybe she skipped town.
Because she doesn't want us
to sleep over.
That is ridiculous.
After all, it was she
who suggested we sleep there
in the first place, not us.
Minds can change.
She's prolly sick of our crap.
Oh, hey, I almost forgot.
While you were tooling
around shopping yesterday,
she came by
and dropped something off.
I no longer desire these things.
They're yours now.
[ASHIYA]
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
[flustered]
[gasp]
It's udon?
This is an awful omen.
Why would
she just abandon her noodles?
And please,
feel free to look around
-as much as you like.
-Thanks.
I can't deal with the extremes
of this business.
The first place selling them
for over forty thousand
was crazy,
but the three-thousand yen ones
here seem way too cheap.
The super inexpensive ones
are just nap sets for day care,
remember?
They're fine,
but completely different
from the bedtime futon
that we're looking for.
The first price we saw
was so steep
my gauge is all messed up now.
Going ritzy would suck,
and getting something too cheap
would be a little scary.
[sigh]
-Dada, you okay?
-Yeah, I'm great.
Just wanna make sure
we get you what's best.
[notice]
Look. You see what I see?
We've got a staircase.
Hold your mom's hand tight
for me.
Okie!
Wait, what?
-Whee!
-[happy laughter]
[distraught]
Oh, come on, Emi.
Get used to this.
Mama? Is something sad?
Nah. I think your mama's tired.
-So, let's break for some lunch!
-Yum!
[general background chatter]
[pensive]
[MAOU]
Is it that tough of a choice?
Aw, she still sad.
I'm okay, I promise.
While Mama loves being your mom,
she's still the Hero, too.
And that can get tricky.
I'll be fine.
For now, let's figure out
what you can eat, sweetie.
Sorry to hear that.
The devil and dad combo
is much simpler.
-Does soba sound yummy?
-Soba!
I don't recall asking for
the itty bitty pity committee.
The noodles,
there come with tempura.
It's too pricey.
Yay, tempura!
What do you mean by that?
You want tempura? Huh.
[EMI] That could
literally mean one thing.
Wait, you can't even afford
to eat out at all, can you?
[MAOU]
I have a little cash on me?
Ashiya lets me take
some fun money
from each month's paycheck,
and I get 300 yen allowance
on days that I work.
But...
Is that what
we were talking about?
No, duh,
that's our ticket to lunch.
You know, it's a good time
to talk about the bigger issue
here instead.
If you were more "Dad"
and less "Devil,"
and traded
this world conquest crap
for living out
your days in Japan,
my life would be easy.
[pensive]
-[smile] I know.
-Know what?
They do have MgR's here.
We can order some fries,
and hold the salt.
MgR's, Dada?
I hear that you've been
wanting to try it.
No harm in letting her
have a few, right?
I dunno. Guess not.
Let's do it.
We'll get it to go,
and eat over there.
Like a picnic.
[ASHIYA] Why would she
give up on it now?
Perhaps she's left
on a long vacation.
Yeah, probably to Udon World.
Surely you jest.
She would've gone ages ago!
For shame.
His Majesty is out on the hunt
for a futon.
If Bel doesn't return to her
abode before nightfall,
his dreams of family time
will be shattered!
The sleepover
won't come to pass!
[URUSHIHARA] This place
has a ton of empty apartments.
Why don't we just stay
in one of those?
It wouldn't be a big deal.
Genius!
We can ask the land lady!
[unsure] Alas.
I don't have the resolve.
[flustered] I would dare
let down my lord
to avoid that witch!
♪
Whoa. This park is enormous!
[excited]
Be careful! No more booboos!
And there. Come on. Let's eat.
[confirm]
[anxious smile] It's MgRonald's!
Slow your roll.
What do we say before lunch?
[happy] Thanks! For the food!
[MAOU] Good job!
Let's get you cleaned up.
-Fry?
-[happy]
[bite & happy chew]
-[MAOU] Here. For you.
-[notice]
[drink & realize]
It's good.
I know! They sell it
at the ol' hundred-yen shop.
[chewing]
[relief] Have some tea.
Fries can make me thirsty.
-How about you?
-[turn]
[gulp & refreshed "ahhh"]
Yeah!
You two really look like
father and daughter right now.
Hope I start
to get used to it soon.
Yeah, like you.
You've seemed pretty at home
in mom mode lately.
[question]
Uh, well, I suppose I am.
[MAOU] I wonder
how long we're gonna be able
to be with her like this.
Hopefully a while.
Hopefully.
Mama! You got da rice?
[question] Right, I do.
Here.
-[bite & happy chewing]
-Wow.
Going straight
for the pickled radish
is a real grown-up move.
[drink]
[relief] You know,
there's no point in thinking
about any of that right now.
Since you're not gonna use
the sacred sword
to kill me anytime soon,
we can focus on the present.
Hey, speak for yourself!
I don't know why you think
I've given up on my goal
of smiting you.
No need to get defensive.
I'm not gonna pull
something evil
while your guard is down, 'kay?
-Whoa! You lost some bonito!
-[question]
Hey, help me out.
Got chopsticks?
-I'll get a new wet wipe.
-[pensive] I'll clean the spill.
You were hungry, weren't you?
[sigh]
Well. This is humbling, huh?
"Devil" and "Hero"
don't matter on mess duty.
What a pretty day.
[ASHIYA] We're running
out of precious time.
Should we stay
at the internet cafe
by the station? No.
The overnight packages
for the two of us
would be one-thousand
nine-hundred and eighty yen,
doubled!
That would put an immense strain
on this month's finances.
Should we sleep
outside in the park?
As if that would ever work!
Though I could get away with it,
one look at you,
and we would be reported
to the police
as suspicious persons!
But, wait! There's one
from whom I can seek counsel.
[snoring]
-[bump & sleeping]
-[annoyed]
[yawn]
How dare you, Maou?
Have you no shame?
-[angry]
-[question] Oh, boy.
What'd I do?
You took a nap
on my nonconsenting shoulder
-for the entire ride home!
-[startled]
[yikes] I really did that?
[EMI]
Don't play dumb with me!
An old lady got on
and cooed at us.
"Aw, what a sweet couple,
have fun lovebirds!"
You owe me big time
for that humiliation,
you jerkface!
Is this real, or a mirage?
Oh, uh. Hey, Chi.
What a coinky-dink,
are you guys shopping, too?
Yeah. Just pickin' up
a couple boring things is all.
-[concerned]
-[wake]
It's Chi-mi!
Hi, Chi-mi, good morning!
[CHIHO]
Good morning, cutie pie.
Did you go
on a big adventure today?
Went on a nice picnic
with Mama and Dada.
A real picnic, wow. Huh?
[shock]
And Mama-Dada sleepover tonight!
Cool. So, you're gonna get
to snuggling later?
Whatever you're thinking, Chiho,
I promise it's not like that!
Be rational about this!
I wouldn't be caught
dead sleeping with that weirdo!
Gonna buy a futon.
A fu- [distraught]
I guess this means you three are
gonna be an official family now.
You'll be moving in soon,
Miss Yusa! That's so awesome.
[pursed lip crazy exhales]
-[pursed lip crazy faint]
-[MAOU] Chi, no!
Get a grip! Everything is fine!
[MAOU] Do you seriously think
I would sleep with her?
Well, I wouldn't sleep
with you, either!
Y'know, what matters most
is that you decided
to follow your hearts.
Congrats.
Mama and Dada,
no more fighting!
[loud crying]
You gotta calm down for us,
sweetie!
Nobody is fighting, okay?
King Satan? And female company?
What's all this commotion,
your Majesty?
[CHIHO]
Oh, I see.
The futon is so that
Alas Ramus can sleep over!
I tried to tell you that.
I was a wee bit
caught off guard.
You three looked
just like a cute little family.
-I rebuke you.
-Please no.
You're on the same wavelength!
What about the futon?
I don't see one.
-Was the big mission a failure?
-I guess?
That's why I invited Emi over.
We need to get your opinion.
If you care for my input,
then it must've been
a lofty sum.
I suppose we'll all survive
without one for the day.
Oh, by the way,
who were you on the phone
with earlier?
[ASHIYA]
About that.
I reached out to Miss Suzuki
for word of advice.
For some unknown reason,
we've lost contact with Bel.
[EMI]
For real?
Bel? Open up!
Perhaps she really did leave
for Udon World.
-[Suzuno soft cry]
-[gasp] Shh!
Hello? It's me, Chiho.
I'm gonna come say hi!
[Suzuno crying]
[worried gasp]
Don't cry. Hey.
What on earth happened to you?
[look]
The croc curry I gave you.
Did you use that stuff
to make some curry udon?
Indeed.
And when I went in for a bite.
I splashed it
all over my favorite kimono!
I see.
The shock led you to turn
your back on udon for a while.
Call me next time,
and I'll help you
clean up the stain.
[SUZUNO] How could I ever admit
to something so pathetic?
[EMI] Hey, now.
It's not a big deal.
Well, it was to me!
The ordeal gave me
quite a fright!
The road to sleepovers
is a long one.
Seems so.
Long story short,
I'm pretty sure
that we're gonna go back
and buy the futon next week.
-What's wrong?
-[sigh] Everything.
I don't feel like
I know myself anymore.
[Emi confused question]
I wonder if people have
always felt this impatient.
Or if cellphones
are really the nail
in the coffin for humanity.
[awe]
I honestly don't know
what to do anymore.
Should I defeat the Devil,
or not?
[EMERADA] Well, you know
what most wives say
when they have trouble
with their husbands.
"I just need to go
and stay with my parents
"for a little while. Bye!"
I'm nobody's wife!
But you may be right.
Spending some time
in Ente Isla
and sorting out my feelings
doesn't sound like
such a bad idea.